Remove stage discovery and set warning for v1beta1 for all environments (#2102)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/release-notes/3.1.3.md

## Changes

- Set up Warning state on APIRules v1beta1 when they are not migrated to v2.

> - Provide deployed images via environment variables in the controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the controller, the deployed images are now provided using environment variables.
```
